# CS-340
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

To write maintanable, readable, and adaptable programs I make sure to write a lot of comments and create multiple functions. By keeping different functionalities as seperate functions, if a function needs o be fixed or changed in the future, I just have to look for the appropriate function. In the future, if I want to add some new functions to query against the database, I can do that through the python module. I approached any problems I had by doing research and testing. If there was an error I was unfamiliar with, researching that error helped me think of solutions. This project was different compared to other courses because of the use of MongoDB instead of SQL. With that in mind, I made sure to research and learn bout MongoDB thoroughly. In a similar scenario, a computer scientist can create a functional and safe program that can help a company save time when looking for imformation. In Grazioso Salvare's case, having this program made would save them time when trying to find appropriate rescue dogs in an emergency situation.
